Don't try to laod RSVPs into the tickets block (#1519)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

* Fix - Gracefully handle enter key in modal form to prevent missing data when submitting. [136595]
* Fix - Increase size of -/+ signs for decreasing/increasing quantity on tickets. [138558]
* Fix - Handle special characters for Event Ticket field labels like single quotes and colons so they don't break the saving. [136451]

> * Fix - Don;t try to load RSVPs with the Tickets block []

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Don't try to load RSVPs with the Tickets block rendering []
```

Author: I'll fix it when I add the ticket #
